{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 Classes}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ABSTRACT_STATE_NUMBERS}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to manage the first and second number}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  as seen in the user output ⥯128/%/156/e.g state: 3.1⥯128/%/157/.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ASTEROID}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent an asteroid entity.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 BENIGN}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a benign entity.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 BLACKHOLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a blackhole entity.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 BLUE_GIANT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a blue_giant entity.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 CONTROLLER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that provides an interface for executing}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  all nine user commands and updates the user}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  output when commands are executed.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Secret: }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Attribute ⥯128/%/156/game_state⥯128/%/157/ is of type STATE which }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  means CONTROLLER is a client of STATE. }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Note: ⥯128/%/156/game_state⥯128/%/157/ is polymorphic. }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Post executing a command in CONTROLLER, }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  ⥯128/%/156/game_state⥯128/%/157/ transitions (changes its reference) }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  to a subclass of STATE that is appropriate }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  for the game.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 CONTROLLER_ACCESS}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Singleton access to the default business model.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 COORDINATE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent comparable coordinates.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 DEATHABLE}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that encapsulates common queries, attributes, }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  and commands for entities capable of death. }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  (e.g. MOVEABLE_ENTITY)}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Secret: }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Private attribute ⥯128/%/156/life⥯128/%/157/ is of type LIFE which means}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  DEATHABLE is a client of LIFE.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  The collection of all valid death causes is stored }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  in an ARRAY.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 DIRECTION_UTILITY}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that contains common direction COORDINATEs}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3   (e.g. N -> }{\cf3 [-1,0]}{\cf3 , E -> }{\cf3 [0,1]}{\cf3  ⥯128/}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ENTITY}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent an entity in a QUADRANT.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_ABORT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_CMD_LINE_OUTPUT_HANDLER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  An output handler for the command-line mode of ETF.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_COMMAND}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  The interface for an input COMMAND}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_GUI}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_GUI_OUTPUT_HANDLER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  An output handler for the GUI mode of ETF.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_LAND}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_LIFTOFF}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_MAIN_WINDOW}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Main window of ETF project.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_MAIN_WINDOW_IMP}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Objects that represent an EV_TITLED_WINDOW.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_MODEL_FACADE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A facade class for easy manipulation of the business objects.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_MOVE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_PASS}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_PLAY}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_STATUS}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_TEST}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ETF_WORMHOLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 EXPLORER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent the explorer entity.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 FUELABLE}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that encapsulates common queries, attributes, }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  and commands for entities with fuel.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 GRID}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A collection of SECTOR objects arranged in a 2-D grid.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Secret: }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  The collection of STATIONARY_ENTITY in the GRID }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  is stored in a HASH_TABLE, to allow efficient }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  implementation of ⥯128/%/156/all_stationary_entities⥯128/%/157/ query.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A similar approach is used to implement }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  ⥯128/%/156/all_moveable_entities⥯128/%/157/ query.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ID_DISPATCHER}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class for generating unique entity ids.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ID_ENTITY}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent an ENTITY and its identification number.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 JANITAUR}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a janitaur entity.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 LANDED_STATE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that defines valid, and invalid user commands }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  for when the user is in a game and the explorer }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  is landed.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 LIFE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that encapsulates an DEATHABLE's life.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 MAIN_MENU_STATE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that defines valid, and invalid user commands }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  for when the user is not in a game.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 MALEVOLENT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a malevolent entity.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 MESSAGE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class for generating Abstract State messages.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 MOVEABLE_ENTITY}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent an ID_ENTITY that can change }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  its coordinate and is capable of death.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 NP_MOVEABLE_ENTITY}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a MOVEABLE_ENTITY whose actions}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  occur in defined intervals and whose actions cannot }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  be explicitly controlled via user commands.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Note: NP stands for NON_PLAYABLE}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 NULL_ENTITY}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent the absence of an ENTITY. }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Secret: }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  (see QUADRANT secret).}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 PLANET}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a planet entity.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 PLAY_STATE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that defines valid, and invalid user commands }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  for when the user is in a game, and the explorer is not landed.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 QUADRANT}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A container for storing an ENTITY in a SECTOR}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Secret: }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  QUADRANT. ⥯128/%/156/is_empty⥯128/%/157/ = true, implies ⥯128/%/156/entity⥯128/%/157/}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  attribute refers to a NULL_ENTITY.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 RANDOM_GENERATOR}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  The }{\cf4 RANDOM_GENERATOR}{\cf3  class is used to generate}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  random numbers using the same seed }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  (deterministically).}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 RANDOM_GENERATOR_ACCESS}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Singleton for accessing RANDOM_GENERATOR.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 REPRODUCEABLE_ENTITY}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent an NP_MOVEABLE_ENTITY that can reproduce.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 SECTOR}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A collection of QUADRANT objects arranged in a LIST.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Secret:}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  The collection of QUADRANT is stored in an }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  ARRAYED_LIST.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 SIMODYSSEY}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that provides an interface for controlling the explorer⥯128/%/153/s }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  actions in the galaxy, as well as controls the addition, removal, }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  and movement of entities in the galaxy.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Secret:}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Post execution of a command, non-user-controlled entities }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  move, reproduce, behave, and check according to the }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  ⥯128/%/156/turn" command algorithm on page 33 of the project}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  specifications.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 STAR}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a STATIONARY_ENTITY and its}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  luminosity value.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 STATE}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class that defines valid, invalid user commands,}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  and generates the user's output when commands are executed.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  Secret: }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  private attribute ⥯128/%/156/abstract_state_numbers⥯128/%/157/ is of type }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  ABSTRACT_STATE_NUMBERS which means STATE is a client}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  of ABSTRACT_STATE_NUMBERS.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  ⥯128/%/156/abstract_state_numbers⥯128/%/157/ is updated accordingly after }{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  the execution of a command.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 STATIONARY_ENTITY}*{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent an ID_ENTITY that is not also}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  a MOVEABLE_ENTITY.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 WORMHOLE}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a wormhole entity.}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 YELLOW_DWARF}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  A class to represent a yellow_dwarf entity.}{\line}
{\line}
}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
