{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\fscript\fcharset0 Courier;}}{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red128\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green128\blue0;\red0\green0\blue128;}
{\cf3\f0\fs16 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Automatic generation produced by ISE Eiffel --
{\line}
{{\b\cf6 note}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 description}{\cf1 :} "[{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}A class to manage the first and second number{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}as seen in the user output “e.g state: 3.1”.{\line}
{\tab}]"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 author}{\cf1 :} "Jinho Hwang, Ato Koomson"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 date}{\cf1 :} "April 13, 2020"{\line}
{\tab}{\cf1 revision}{\cf1 :} "1"{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 class} {\b\cf6 interface}{\line}
{\tab}{\cf4 ABSTRACT_STATE_NUMBERS}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 create} {\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 make}{\line}
{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Attibute}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 first_number}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  first number as seen in ie. state: 3.0}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  signifies the number of valid turn/play/test commands executed during the course of the program.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  incremented by one after a valid turn command is executed in a subclass of STATE. ie state: 3.0 -> state: 4.0}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 second_number}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 INTEGER_32}}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  second number as seen in ie. state: 3.2}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  signifies the number of valid non-turn commands executed and invalid commands attempted after the last successful turn/play/test command was executed.}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  incremented by one after valid non-turn commands are executed or invalid commands are attempted by a subclass of STATE. ie}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  initialized to zero after a valid turn command is exectured in a subclass of STATE. ie state: 3.4 -> state: 4.0}{\line}
{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 feature} {\cf3 --}{\cf3  Queries}{\line}
{\line}
{\tab}{\cf5 {\cf5 out}{\cf1 :} {\cf4 STRING_8}{\line}
{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}{\cf3 --}{\cf3  output first_number and second_number into a form like "state:12.3"}{\line}
}{\tab}{\line}
{\b\cf6 end} {\cf3 --} {\cf3 class }{\cf4 ABSTRACT_STATE_NUMBERS}}
{\line}
{\cf3 {\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- Generated by ISE Eiffel --}
{\line}
{\cf3{\tab}{\tab}{\tab}-- For more details: http://www.eiffel.com --}
}}
{\line}
